What do you mean?
This is the rumored number one investment queen in China
Investment decisions made
shortsighted
narrow-minded
Eyeless
But that's it.
I was shortsighted.
I am narrow-minded
I have no eyes
Did you know I went to a top business school?
Received the highest education
Has an absolute keen eye for market development prospects
Did you ever know
I am a native of Zhongzhou Venture Capital Region
The best VC trader of the year is me
The company I just invested in
Whether it is business potential
Industry direction
And future plans and so on
They are all the hottest potential stocks at the moment
Is for me to invest in such a company and setbacks
Your so-called bare hands are hot
Just like your trophies
It's all stuff that doesn't look good
how
Are you talking about these hot concepts?
Industry and plunge
Instead, it was the cold Deyun era
Valuations are going to skyrocket.
Yes, in a previous life
Now, these hard-to-reach concepts are meanings.
It's just a flash in the pan.
After a short period of heat
It soon hit rock bottom with policy adjustments
Make countless investors lose their lives
It was the Denin era.
Substance is too low
Catching up with the express train of policy again
Even skyrocketed 50 times
Ah!
Ha ha.
Ridiculous
Denning
The era is just a family with no development at all
Prospect company
How can it be compared with Jingxi Company?
Since you are so disdainful of my investment
Why don't we wait?
Waiting for this moment